---
langr: xxxx
langr-audio: 
langr-origin: 《2008年真题》
dtype: 英语
subject: 大学英语
created: 2025-05-11T10:19
updated: 2025-05-11T11:30
langr-pos: "1"
---
^^^notes
- 切忌理解全文，必须在有限的范围内进行对应或理解即可。
	- 注：有限范围指的是"<font color=#ed1c24>最靠近的两句话，即上文的最后一句话对应下文的第一句话</font>"，除非最靠近的两句话没有产生联系
- 做题步骤：
  1. 先看选项的第一句话
  2. 划出选项第一句话的关键字：
    1. 特指（上文出现一次，下午第二次出现使用的特指）
       - 例如：<font color=#ed1c24>这些区别</font>决定了人类与动物是不一样的。（上文必须出现多种区别）
          - —**the, such, this, that, these, those+名词 (sing/pl)**
       - 注：有两种特指意义不大，分别是
         1. 固定表达 the Mars, the Great Wall
         2. 有定语限定修饰的特指，例如 the teacher who is giving a lecture right now
    2. 代词 (可以是任何词性)
       - 例如：**她**很坚定地认为新冠病毒是来源于美国某一所大学的实验室。（上文必须出现一个女人）This/that/these/those/such/he/she/they/it/his/her/its/their/him/theirs...
    3. 逻辑关系词（转折/并列/递进/对比/目的/因果/举例/选择/顺序...）
       - 例如：他们**同样也会送**很多礼物给**另一个山头的村民**。（上文肯定会出现“他们会送礼物给某一个山头的村民”）
    4. 如果没有出现以上任何一种关键词，那么就要划出该选项说讨论的主要对象（通常是主语）

The time for sharpening pencils, arranging your desk, and doing almost anything else instead of writing has ended. ==The first draft will appear on the page only if you stop avoiding the inevitable and **sit, stand up, or lie down to write**.==(41)_[D]_ .

Be flexible. Your outline should smoothly conduct you from one point to the next,but do not permit it to railroad you. If a **relevant 相关的** and important idea occurs to you now,work it into <span style="background:#fff88f"><font color=#ed1c24>the draft</font></span>. (42)_[G]_ . ==Grammar, punctuation 标点符号,and spelling can wait until you revise.== Concentrate on what you are saying. Good w百ting most often occurs when you are in hot pursuit of an idea rather than in a nervous search for **errors 错误**.

(43)_[F]_ .Your pages will be easier to keep track of that way,and, if you have to clip a paragraph to place it elsewhere, you will not lose any w百ting on the other side.

If you are working on a word processor, you can take advantage of its capacity to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a few simple keyboard commands. Some software programs can also check spelling and certam grammatical elements m your wntmg. (44)_[C]_ . **These printouts** are also easier to read than the screen when you work on revisions.

Once you have a first draft on paper, you can delete material that is unrelated to your thesis and add material necessary to illustrate your points and make your paper convincing. <span style="background:#fff88f"><font color=#ed1c24>The student</font></span> who wrote "The A&P as a State of Mind" <span style="background:#fff88f"><font color=#ed1c24>wisely dropped a paragraph</font></span> that questioned whether Sammy displays chauvinistic attitudes toward women. (45)_[E]_ .

Remember that your initial draft is only that. You should go through the paper many times — and then again — working to substantiate and clarify your ideas. You may even end up with several entire versions of the paper. Rewrite. The sentences within each paragraph should be related to a single topic. Transitions should connect one paragraph to the next so that there are no abrupt or confusing shifts. Awkward or wordy phrasing or unclear sentences and paragraphs should be mercilessly poked and prodded into shape.

[A] **To 目的** make revising easier, leave wide margins and extra space between lines so that you can easily add words, sentences, and corrections. Write on only one side of the paper.

[B] **After 顺序** you have clearly and **adequately 充足的** developed **the body of your paper 论文的主体**<font color=#ed1c24>（上文要出现“要书写论文主体/论文”）</font>, pay particular attention to the introductory and concluding paragraphs. It's probably best to w门te the introduction last, after you know precisely what you are introducing. Concluding paragraphs demand equal attention because they leave the reader with a final impression.

~~[C]~~ It'**s worth （+doning 主动表被动）** remembering, <font color=#ed1c24>however</font>, that though a clean **copy 复印件/打印件** ***fresh off(从... 新鲜出炉)*** a printer may look terrific, **[it will read only as well as the thinking and writing that have gone into it]这份打印材料的质量完全取决于材料当中的思想与写作内容**. Many writers **prudently 谨慎地** **store 储存** their data on **disks 硬盘** and <span style="background:#fff88f"><font color=#ed1c24>print their pages</font></span> each time they finish a draft to avoid losing any material because of power failures or other problems.

~~[D]~~ **It 形式主语** makes no difference how you write <font color=#ed1c24>（上文必须提到各种不同的写作方式）</font>, just so you do. Now that you have developed a topic into a tentative thesis, you can assemble your notes and begin to flesh out whatever outline you have made.

~~[E]~~ Although <font color=#ed1c24>this(指的是文章一个写作内容)</font> is an interesting issue, it has nothing to do with the thesis, which explains how the setting influences Sammy's decision to quit his job. Instead of including that paragraph, she added one that described Lengel's crabbed response to the girls so that she could lead up to the A & P "policy" he enforces.

[F] In <font color=#ed1c24>the final paragraph</font> about the significance of the setting in "A&P," the student brings together the reasons Sammy quit his job by referring to his refusal to accept Lengel's store policies.

~~[G]~~ <font color=#ed1c24>By using the first draft（上文必须谈论到初稿）</font> as a means of thinking about what you want to say, you will very likely discover more than your notes originally suggested. Plenty of good writers don't use outlines at all but discover ordering principles as they write. ==Do not attempt to **compose 创作（音乐/歌词/诗歌/写作）** a perfectly correct draft the first time around 不要试图在第一次的时候写出完美无误的稿子==.

^^^words
+ **as well** : phr. 同样，也，还
+ **decision** : n. 决定，决心；作决定；决议；判决；决断（力）
+ **entire** : adj. 全部的；整个的；全然的，完全的
+ **equal** : n. 同辈；相等的事物；对手，匹敌者； v. 等于；比得上； adj. 相等的；平等的；胜任的
+ **illustrate** : v. 阐明；（举例）说明；加插图
+ **inevitable** : adj. 不可避免的，必然发生的
+ **initial** : adj. 最初的；字首的
+ **instead of** : phr. 代替；作为…的替换
+ **means** :  n. 方法，手段；工具；金钱，财富，财产，财力，收入
+ **particular** : adj. 特别的，独有的； n. 详细说明；
+ **point** : n. 观点，论点；目的，意图； v. 指，指向；

^^^article
The time for sharpening pencils, arranging your desk, and doing almost anything else instead of writing has ended. The first draft will appear on the page only if you stop avoiding the inevitable and sit, stand up, or lie down to write.(41)__ .

Be flexible. Your outline should smoothly conduct you from one point to the next,but do not permit it to railroad you. If a relevant and important idea occurs to you now,work it into the draft. (42)__ .Grammar, punctuat10n,and spelling can wait until you revise. Concentrate on what you are saying. Good w百ting most often occurs when you are in hot pursuit of an idea rather than in a nervous search for errors.

(43)__ .Your pages will be easier to keep track of that way,and, if you have to clip a paragraph to place it elsewhere, you will not lose any w百ting on the other side.

If you are working on a word processor, you can take advantage of its capacity to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a few simple keyboard commands. Some software programs can also check spelling and certam grammatical elements m your wntmg. (44)__ .These printouts are also easier to read than the screen when you work on revisions.

Once you have a first draft on paper, you can delete material that is unrelated to your thesis and add material necessary to illustrate your points and make your paper convincing. The student who wrote "The A&P as a State of Mind" wisely dropped a paragraph that questioned whether Sammy displays chauvinistic attitudes toward women. (45)__ .

Remember that your initial draft is only that. You should go through the paper many times — and then again — working to substantiate and clarify your ideas. You may even end up with several entire versions of the paper. Rewrite. The sentences within each paragraph should be related to a single topic. Transitions should connect one paragraph to the next so that there are no abrupt or confusing shifts. Awkward or wordy phrasing or unclear sentences and paragraphs should be mercilessly poked and prodded into shape.

[A] To make revising easier, leave wide margins and extra space between lines so that you can easily add words, sentences, and corrections. Write on only one side of the paper.

[B] After you have clearly and adequately developed the body of your paper, pay particular attention to the introductory and concluding paragraphs. It's probably best to w门te the introduction last, after you know precisely what you are introducing. Concluding paragraphs demand equal attention because they leave the reader with a final impression.

[C] It's worth remembering, however, that though a clean copy fresh off a printer may look terrific, it will read only as well as the thinking and writing that have gone into it. Many writers prudently store their data on disks and print their pages each time they finish a draft to avoid losing any material because of power failures or other problems.

[D] It makes no difference how you write, just so you do. Now that you have developed a topic into a tentative thesis, you can assemble your notes and begin to flesh out whatever outline you have made.

[E] Although this is an interesting issue, it has nothing to do with the thesis, which explains how the setting influences Sammy's decision to quit his job. Instead of including that paragraph, she added one that described Lengel's crabbed response to the girls so that she could lead up to the A & P "policy" he enforces.

[F] In the final paragraph about the significance of the setting in "A&P," the student brings together the reasons Sammy quit his job by referring to his refusal to accept Lengel's store policies.

[G] By using the first draft as a means of thinking about what you want to say, you will very likely discover more than your notes originally suggested. Plenty of good writers don't use outlines at all but discover ordering principles as they write. Do not attempt to compose a perfectly correct draft the first time around.