---
created time: 2024-06-04 17:31:31
updated time: 2024-06-08 18:39:55
langr: xxxx
langr-audio: 
langr-origin: 《2022年12月（第2套）》
dtype: 英语
subject: 大学英语
langr-pos: "1"
---

^^^article

Questions 1 and 2

What even will take place in Glasgow?
What does Glasgow city council say the event will do?
World pipe band championship will take place in Glasgow. Over 120 of the world's best pipe bands will compete at the championships. Over 400 pipers and drammers are expected to descend on the city for the annual event. It will take place of the saint gym playing field in Glasgow on Saturday 18 May from 10 am-7 pm. A free shuttle bus will run between the even car parks and competition site. Shuttle bus will run every 15 minutes for 8 am until 8 pm. Glasgow city council says it is estimated to bring 300,000 pounds to the local economy.

Questions 3 and 4

Summer doesn't begin for two more days but scientists are already sounding the alarm about dangerous ice melts going on right now in Greenland. The vast island usually locks away enough freshwater in its ice sheets which if melted can raise global sea level by 7 meters and research shows that in recent years its ice has melted faster than ever before. This month as temperatures in northwestern Greenland approach all time high, researchers are encountering an unusual surprising levels of melting ice in the region. The most significiant concern here is how early this is all happening. Greenland experiences annual ice melt and growth cycle but this year melting season began in early May. That's a month earlier than normal and something that's only happen once before in the historical record in 2016. That means that not only is the ice melting very fast, it has more time to melt this summer that it would in a normal climate system. Longer melt seasons like this one seem to lead to much greater contribution to sea level rise than in previous decades.

Questions 5 to 7

Bundles containing thousands of pounds in cash keep turning up on streets of BHC in northern England according to police. Residents of the village have been coming across bundles of 20 pounds notes usually worth 2000 pounds in the former mining village in county Durant. The latest discovery was on Monday. Meaning 4 of these cash bundles have been handed in this year. And 13 since 2014, the bundles are usually left in plain site and have been scattered across the small costal village. Their owner has 2 weeks to collect the cash, which is then returned to the finders if not claimed according Peter Lee police. A Durant police spokesperson said the money has been returned to the lucky finders in all cases except yesterday. Policeman John foster said in a statement, the circumstances remain a mystery. So we would welcome any information that will help us get to the bottom of this random incidents. He told the northern echo, it isn't an affluent part of the world. So for them to find cash of that amount and instantly think about taking it to the police stations shows the community spirit.

Questions 8 to 11

It's your birthday next week, what have you got planned? I'm not sure, I often feel strange on my bitrh day. Many begin to search for the meaning of their existence. I have wonderful friends and I love celebrating their birthdays but I don't like being the center of attention.

Questions 16 to 18

Steve Miller began his career back in late 1980s, being a deaf person in tech required a huge amount of efforts and organization because there was no email or text messages services everything has to be done face to face. Or by telephone, communicating and meetings was very difficult, he needed a sign language interpreter for every meeting.
These days, although challenges still remain, it's a good time to be a deaf person in tech. Says Miller. Big advances in speech recognition technology have enable communication tool to turn live speech into text in real time on your smartphone or laptop. And sign language into text as well.
Miller is able to focus far more on his work. He has benefited to a great extend from a tiny hearing device in his ear. It gives his a degree of hearing and he can use a variety of communication methods depending on the situation. He can employ and having meeting via a video instead of on the phone. These things had made a huge difference. He no longer has to worry about whether or not he can understand.

Questions 19 to 21

According to one interior designer, when people returned home they want to see colors that cheer them up and give them a hug. Pure white walls simoly don't do that. They don't look after you. Another interior designer commented that certain combinations can key something into on a deeper level, transporting you to a different moment in time. That's the power of color. If you were thinking to try color on some of your neutral walls. The advice is refreshingly simple. Choose a color you actually like. Don't go for a color because it's in fashion. One can also paint the wooden frameworks the same color as the walls. The same color can make it feel more spacious 

^^^words
+ **affluent**: n. 支流；富人
adj. 富裕的，丰富的
+ **approach**: n. 靠近，接近；方式，方法，态度；通路
v. 接近，靠近；着手处理
+ **band**: n. 带；橡皮圈，松紧带；条纹；群；乐团，乐队
v. 用带捆；使聚集
+ **bottom**: adj. 底部的
n. 底部；末端；尽头；臀部
v. 装底；建立基础；到达底部
+ **bundles**: n. 捆，束，包；大量；一大笔钱；极度
v. 归拢；捆；匆忙打发；捆绑销售；匆忙离开
+ **circumstances**: n. 环境，状况；（尤指经济上的）境况；原委（circumstance 的复数）
+ **claimed**: v. （提出）要求；声称；断言；需要；索取；认领
n. 要求；索赔；值得；声称；断言；声明
+ **concern**: n. 关心的事；关心，顾虑；关系，有关；公司，企业
v. 涉及，参与，关系到；使关心，使担忧
+ **council**: n. 会议，政务会，协商会议；地方议会
+ **descend**: v. 下来；下去；下降；下斜；降临；遗传；屈尊；堕落；袭击
+ **estimated**: adj. 估计的，预计的
v. 估计，估算；判断，评价（estimate 的过去式和过去分词）
+ **existence**: n. 存在；实有；生存，生活，生活方式；存在物
+ **get to the bottom**: 弄清真相；弄个水落石出；测深；追根究底
+ **melted**: adj. 融化的；溶解的
v. 融化；溶解（melt 的过去式）
+ **pipe**: n. 管子；烟斗；管乐器，笛子
v. 以管输送；以管乐器演奏；尖声地说；吹哨子下令；滚边
+ **recent**: adj. 最近的；近来的；近代的
+ **region**: n. 地区，行政区，领域，范围
+ **scattered**: adj. 分散的；散乱的；零散的
+ **sheets**: n. [材]片材，板片（sheet 复数）；[纺]被单
v. 覆盖（sheet 的第三人称单数形式）；使成大片；铺床单
+ **shuttle**: n. 梭子；短程穿梭运输
v. 穿梭般来回移动；短程穿梭般输送
+ **site**: n. 地点，场所；遗址；网站
v. 为……选址；设置
+ **vast**: adj. 巨大的，广大的
n. <古>广阔空间

^^^notes
