---
created time: 2024-06-09 17:49:58
updated time: 2024-06-23 23:23:20
langr: xxxx
langr-audio: 
langr-origin: 《2023年3月（第1套）》
dtype: 英语
subject: 大学英语
langr-pos: "1"
---

^^^article

Questions 1 and 2

African leaders planed to turn the continent into a continent without boarders. They'll introduce a single passport policy allowing free movement between countries. The idea from African union has been modeled on eusg free movement deal. Europe has abolished many internal borders. This enables visa free movement across the continent. Currently 13 African countries have visa free deal in place with each other. This allow citizens to visit another country.
It also wants to establish a free trade deal across continent. In the near future. As trade within the African continent cost more than any other region.

Questions 5 to 7

People in France are keeping away from the narrow French stick loaves in favor of healthier cheaper options association has said. The National Association of French Miller, says that bread consumption is the decline with French people eating nine grams less than in the previous year. The association is concern that about the effect of the trend will have on their trade and suggests 3 reasons why this happening. Firstly, the association cited changing diet. In particular, the switch to those low in calories. As a factor of reduction of bread consumption. This could explain why the difference in consumption between genders is so big. Nowadays, men eat in a approximate average of 140 grams of bread daily. Well as women eat 80-90 grams. The second reason they say is life style changes in the country. With people dedicating less time to breakfast.

Questions 8 to 11

Next please. Yes, I'd like to book 2 train tickets to London tomorrow morning. Ok, what time would you like to go? Well after the rush hour, I think, we'd like to avoid the crowd if possible. So probably sometime around 10 o'clock. No problem, just give me a minute. There is one here at 9:47 then one at 10:12 a third at 10:26. 10:12 sounds good. Alright, would you like to sit in first or second class? Second class is fine, thinks. Is there any chance we could have window seat for one of those? No problem, I've book those seats next to each other for you. The total price is 36 pounds 50 cents, is there anything else? Yes actually, we'll be taking our bicycles with us, what is arrangement for that and will it cost extra? It's no extra cost. The price will be the same, or you need to do is to wait at the far end of the platform. When the train arrives, tell the train guard where are you going. He will help you secure the bicycles in the last carriage and give you a ticket. Then you can walk down trough the train to your carriage and take your seats when you arrive in London, hand the ticket to the guard. He will return the bicycles to you.

^^^words
+ **arrive** : v. 到达；被送达；到来，出现；成功；达成；出生
+ **average** : n. 平均，平均数；一般，普通
v. 平均达到；使平衡；平均为
adj. 平均的；一般的，普通的
+ **carriage** : n. 马车；车厢；运输；运费；仪态
+ **concern** : n. 关心的事；关心，顾虑；关系，有关；公司，企业
v. 涉及，参与，关系到；使关心，使担忧
+ **continent** : n. 大陆，洲，陆地；欧洲大陆
adj. 自制的，克制的
+ **establish** : v. 建立，设立；安置；使立足；证实；制定，规定；（使）确定，确立
+ **guard** : n. 卫兵；护卫队；守卫；警戒；防护装置；列车长
v. 看守；监视；控制；防范
+ **possible** : n. 可能适合的（人或事）
adj. 可能的；潜在的；合适的；合理的
+ **probably** : adv. 大概，或许
+ **region** : n. 地区，行政区，领域，范围

^^^notes
