---
langr: xxxx
langr-audio: 
langr-origin: 《2008年英语一Text3》
dtype: 英语
subject: 大学英语
created: 2025-03-16T11:38
updated: 2025-03-19T23:14
langr-pos: "1"
---

^^^notes
题目问法为“提到某人/某物/某事是为了__?”，就立即判定为例证题，其答案一定不是题目所提到的例子本身，答案在**满足就近**原则的前提下，出现在例子前后。

*In the early 1960s Wilt Chamberlain was one of the only three players in the National Basketball Association (NBA) listed at over **seven feet（2.13 米）***. If **he** had played last season, however, **he** would have been one of 42. ==The **bodies** playing major professional sports have changed dramatically over the years 在过去几年, 打重要职业球赛的身材发生了巨大变化==, and managers have been more than willing to adjust team uniforms to fit the growing numbers of bigger,longer frames.

31. Wilt Chamberlain is cited as an example to

[A] **illustrate 阐述** the change of **height 身高** of NBA players.

[B] show the popularity of NBA players in the U.S..

[C] compare different generations of NBA players.

[D] assess the achievements of famous NBA players.

The trend in sports, though, may be obscuring an unrecognized reality:Americans have generally stopped growing. Though typically about two inches taller now than 140 years ago, today's people — especially those born to families who have lived in the U.S. for many generations — apparently reached their limit in the early 1960s. And they aren't likely to get any taller. "In the general population today, at this genetic, envirornnental level, we've pretty much gone as far as we can go," says anthropologist William Cameron Chumlea of Wright State University. In the case of NBA players, their increase in height appears to result from the increasingly common practice of recruiting players from all over the world.

**Growth**, which rarely continues beyond the age of 20, ==demands 非常需要 calories 卡路里 and nutrients 营养 — notably 显著的, protein 蛋白质 — to feed expanding 膨胀 tissues 组织.== At the start of the 20th century,under-nutrition 营养不良 and childhood infections 儿童感染病 got in the way 阻碍. But as diet and health improved, children and adolescents 青少年 have, on average, increased in height by about an inch 5.08 厘米 and a half every 20 years, a pattern known as the secular trend in height. Yet according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, average height — 5'9" for men, 5'4" for women — hasn't really changed since 1960.

32. Which of the following plays a **key** role in <font color=#ed1c24>body growth</font> 身体发育 according to the text?

[A] Genetic modification.

[B] Natural environment.

[C] Living standards. 生活水平

[D] Daily exercise.

**Genetically 基因地** speaking, there are advantages to avoiding **substantial 较大的** height. During **childbirth**, **larger babies** have more difficulty passing through the **birth canal 产道**. Moreover, even though humans have been **upright 直立（行走）的** for millions of years, our feet and back continue to struggle with **bipedal 两足姿势** posture and cannot easily **withstand 顶住/抵抗住** **repeated strain 反复的压力** imposed by **oversize 过大的** **limbs 四肢**. "There are some real constraints that are set by the genetic architecture of the individual organism," says anthropologist William Leonard ofNorthwestem University.

33. On which of the following <u>statements 说法/阐述</u> would the author **most probably** agree?

~~[A] **Non-Americans**~~ add to the average height of the nation.

[B] Human height is **condition**ed（vt）限制 by the **upright posture 直立的姿势**.
- 空调 air-conditioner
- 护发素 hair-conditioner

~~[C]~~ Americans are the tallest <u>on average 平均上</u> in the world.
不可能夸美国人

[D] **Larger babies** tend to become ~~taller~~ in **adulthood 成年时期 ~ childhood 儿童时期.**

Genetic maximums can change, but don't expect this to happen soon. Claire C. Gordon, senior anthropologist at the Army Research Center in Natick, Mass., ensures that 90 percent of the uniforms and workstations fit recruits without alteration. She says that, unlike those for basketball, the length of military uniforms has not changed for some time. ==And if you need to **predict 预测** human height **in the near future** to design a piece of **equipment 装备**, Gordon says that by and large,== "<font color=#ed1c24>you could use today's data and feel fairly confident. 你可以使用今天的数据，并且可以感到非常有信心今天的数据可以准测地预判未来的情况</font>"

34. We <u>learn from 从... 得知/了解到</u> the last paragraph that **in the near future 在不远的将来**

[A] the **garment industry 服装行业** will reconsider the **uniform size. 制服的尺寸（区域外+相反）**

[B] the ~~design~~ of military uniforms will remain unchanged（区域外+扭曲，将 design 改为 ）.

[C]<u> genetic testing 基因测试</u> will be employed 使用 in selecting sport**s**men 运动员.

[D] the **existing 现存的/现有的** data of human height will still be **applicable 可运用的/可使用的**.

35. The text intends to tell us that

[A] the change of <font color=#13C6C3>human height </font>follows a **cyclic 循环的** pattern.

[B] <font color=#13C6C3>human height</font> is becoming even more predictable.
人类身高变得越来越可预测（根本没有提到以前不可预测）

[C] <font color=#989b03>Americans</font> have reached their genetic growth limit.

[D] the genetic pattern of<font color=#989b03> Americans</font> has altered 改变.

^^^words
+ **adolescents** : n. 青少年（adolescent 的复数）
+ **architecture** : n. 建筑学；建筑风格；结构，体系结构
+ **assess** :  v. 估价；对…征税；确定…的金额；评价
+ **bipedal** : adj. 两足动物
+ **birth canal** : 产道
+ **calories** : n. 卡路里（热量单位，calorie 的复数）
+ **childbirth** : n. 分娩
+ **constraints** : n. 限制（constraint 的复数）
+ **dramatically** : adv. 剧烈地，明显地；戏剧性地，夸张地
+ **expanding** : adj. 扩大的，扩展的； v. 扩大；扩展（业务）；详述；（宇宙）膨胀
+ **garment** : n. （一件）衣服
+ **general** :  adj. 普遍的，全体的；正常的；大致的，笼统的； n. 将军
+ **generations** : n. 世代
+ **genetic** : adj. 遗传的；基因的
+ **illustrate** : v. 阐明；（举例）说明；加插图
+ **in the way** : 阻碍，妨碍：阻止或干扰某人或某事物的移动或进展。
+ **industry** : n. 企业，行业；【总称】工业；勤勉，勤奋；
+ **notably** : adv. 明显地，显著地；尤其，特别
+ **nutrients** : n. 营养物；养分（nutrient 的复数）
+ **posture** : n. 姿势；态度，立场； v. 故作姿态
+ **protein** : n. 蛋白质； adj. （含）蛋白质的
+ **recruiting** : n. 招聘；招募； v. 招募；聘请（recruit 的 ing 形式）
+ **statements** : n. 陈述；声明；供述；表达；报表，结算单
+ **strain** : n. 焦虑，紧张；负担，紧张| v. 拉伤，扭伤；绷紧，用力拉；
+ **struggle** : n. 斗争，竞争；奋斗； v. 奋斗，努力
+ **substantial** : adj. 大量的；实质的；充实的；结实的；牢固的
+ **tissues** : n. [组织]组织，薄的纱织品；面巾纸（tissue 的复数）
+ **under-nutrition** : 营养不良
+ **upright** : n. 直柱； adv. 垂直（竖立）地； adj. 笔直的；正直的
+ **withstand** : v. 承受；抵住；顶住；经受住

^^^article

In the early 1960s Wilt Chamberlain was one of the only three players in the National Basketball Association (NBA) listed at over seven feet. If he had played last season, however, he would have been one of 42. The bodies playing major professional sports have changed dramatically over the years, and managers have been more than willing to adjust team uniforms to fit the growing numbers of bigger,longer frames.

The trend in sports, though, may be obscuring an unrecognized reality:Americans have generally stopped growing. Though typically about two inches taller now than 140 years ago, today's people — especially those born to families who have lived in the U.S. for many generations — apparently reached their limit in the early 1960s. And they aren't likely to get any taller. "In the general population today, at this genetic, envirornnental level, we've pretty much gone as far as we can go," says anthropologist William Cameron Chumlea of Wright State University. In the case of NBA players, their increase in height appears to result from the increasingly common practice of recruiting players from all over the world.

Growth, which rarely continues beyond the age of 20, demands calories and nutrients — notably, protein — to feed expanding tissues. At the start of the 20th century,under-nutrition and childhood infections got in the way. But as diet and health improved, children and adolescents have, on average, increased in height by about an inch and a half every 20 years, a pattern known as the secular trend in height. Yet according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, average height — 5'9" for men, 5'4" for women — hasn't really changed since 1960.

Genetically speaking, there are advantages to avoiding substantial height. During childbirth, larger babies have more difficulty passing through the birth canal. Moreover, even though humans have been upright for millions of years, our feet and back continue to struggle with bipedal posture and cannot easily withstand repeated strain imposed by oversize limbs. "There are some real constraints that are set by the genetic architecture of the individual organism," says anthropologist William Leonard ofNorthwestem University.

Genetic maximums can change, but don't expect this to happen soon. Claire C. Gordon, senior anthropologist at the Army Research Center in Natick, Mass., ensures that 90 percent of the uniforms and workstations fit recruits without alteration. She says that, unlike those for basketball, the length of military uniforms has not changed for some time. And if you need to predict human height in the near future to design a piece of equipment, Gordon says that by and large, "you could use today's data and feel fairly confident."

31. Wilt Chamberlain is cited as an example to

[A] illustrate the change of height of NBA players.

[B] show the popularity of NBA players in the U.S..

[C] compare different generations of NBA players.

[D] assess the achievements of famous NBA players.

32. Which of the following plays a key role in body growth according to the text?

[A] Genetic modification.

[B] Natural environment.

[C] Living standards.

[D] Daily exercise.

33. On which of the following statements would the author most probably agree?

[A] Non-Americans add to the average height of the nation.

[B] Human height is conditioned by the upright posture.

[C] Americans are the tallest on average in the world.

[D] Larger babies tend to become taller in adulthood.

34. We learn from the last paragraph that in the near future

[A] the garment industry will reconsider the uniform size.

[B] the design of military uniforms will remain unchanged.

[C] genetic testing will be employed in selecting sportsmen.

[D] the existing data of human height will still be applicable.

35. The text intends to tell us that

[A] the change of human height follows a cyclic pattern.

[B] human height is becoming even more predictable.

[C] Americans have reached their genetic growth limit.

[D] the genetic pattern of Americans has altered.
